we were wondering a few Dame's that
there are as keen on this new Gatsby
picture as we are we're hoping it's the
bee's knees Oh applesauce we have gone
absolutely goofy for Gatsby today on the
wonderly way we've all seen Marcel curls
and finger waves and jug bottom lashes
in the movies and wondered how to
replicate them ourselves
I don't think jug bottom lashes are
thing but either way
beauty guru and Wonder lang Hanna yep is
going to show us how to replicate Carrie
Mulligan's Gatsby look Hannah is awesome
for this because she's great at
maintaining the fun and excitement of
beauty while also making it wearable so
we knew she was the perfect person to
help us transform that classic 1920s
look into everyday wear anticipation of
Baz Luhrmann's The Great Gatsby which
I'm super excited about I've decided to
recreate Daisy Buchanan's look from the
movie poster so hopefully it's nice and
easy to recreate and I think it's
wearable here and now which is always
nice so I put on my foundation trust me
you do not want to see that before shot
and I'm going to prime my eyelids it's
just like an insurance policy for your
eyes you just add a little bit of
definition to my eye I'm gonna put this
light brown in the crease windscreen
wiper motions now for the most key
element of this look and that's liquid
eyeliner if you're new to it or not very
good can put like sticky tape or a
post-it note or something as the guy and
20-amp that wing on to make it last
extra long go over it with a matte black
eyeshadow all right now curl and mascara
is that a verb I don't know now it is
your eyelashes
now putting on a warm toned blush
focusing mostly on just the apples of my
cheeks finally for the lips I'm gonna
take a dark berry shaded lipstick and a
lip brush and I'm gonna focus it mostly
on defining the Cupid's bow which is
just that like up a bit on your top lip
if you're not praying enough to do the
eatin crop which is like right here you
can go for a crouch or a bell shaped hat
that's what I'm gonna go with and I
think it's nice I think it's a good
little homage to the 20s without looking
like you're trying to cosplay as Daisy
Buchanan which I'm not gonna lie I kind
of wish I could so that's everything
things are look for watching so we're
just gonna assume that you don't have a
Great Gatsby style mansion but if you do
you should invite us over right now so
to celebrate the upcoming film all you
need are a couple of 1920s recipes here
we have the cucumber fizz it is simple
and delicious even without the old
giggle water all you need to do is add a
couple of sprigs of fresh basil and a
couple of mint leaves in a glass then
you add some slices of cucumber muddle
it with the back of the spoon now you're
on the trolley and the harder you smash
the better it is so we're we got a
wiggle on then you're going to add about
a half tablespoon of simple syrup you
can make your own really easily by
boiling some water throwing in a little
bit of sugar until it dissolves and then
letting it cool and then top it off with
some soda water and a garnish of lime
and Whoopie if you've read The Great
Gatsby you know that they were a little
more focused on the beverages than the
food so when it did come to eating and
convenience was the name of the game but
that doesn't mean the food wasn't great
Gatsby's parties featured a lot of fancy
glass meets hot foods were the name of
the game because electric refrigeration
was still a luxury at that point so we
decided to go with a classic
that is still one of the greatest hits
at a cocktail party today pigs in a
blanket to make your own all you do is
cook up some hot dogs wrap him in a
little pre-made biscuit dough and then
pop them in the oven at 350
about ten minutes well hot dogs if you
were a gangster what would you be called
mean mug Kelly you baby don't wither up
what about you drop your calling card
and the business below and on the level
there's a guy down there for more old
time you talk that'll hit you at all the
lingo you'll need for your gangster name
see and don't forget to click the
subscribe button the good Lord gave you
so you don't miss another hotsy-totsy
moment here I'm a wonder leeway